This time we fulfilled the entire seasons of "Yahari Ore no Seishun Lovecome wa Machigatte Iru."， complemented CDs of the third season, and revised the first two seasons. The main differences in the new version are changes in line and banding processing, as well as encoding improvements. Here are the details:
The quality of the first season is moderate, with a native resolution of 720p. There are slight aliasing and ringing in the lines, and severe aliasing in some CGI scenes. Dirty edges appear occasionally, and noticeable banding appears in dark scenes as well. We employed descaling and reconstruction, anti-aliasing, de-ringing, adaptive edge fixing, adaptive de-banding, compensatory sharpening, and adaptive denoising. In the opening (OP) section, there are severe compression artifacts in one dynamic scene. We applied a specific neural network to address this, as shown in the first pair of the screenshots.  
The quality of the second season is relatively poor, with a native resolution of 720p. The production company seems to have used an unusual sharpening technique, causing horrifying ringing around vertical lines, while horizontal lines do not have this issue. Due to this weird processing by the production company, dirty edges have reached an extreme level. There are 6px of alternating bright and dark dirty edges on the left and right borders, and 3px of that on the top and bottom borders. In addition, we found a few scenes with a sudden change in art style, featuring severe fine aliasing and ringing in the lines. Apparently, the production company used a different sharp algorithm for upscaling in these scenes. Fortunately, these scenes were not further sharpened, so there is no vertical ringing or DCT ringing. The source of this season has very high noise intensity, resulting in several compression artifacts. The banding issue is also more severe compared to the first season.
To address these sharpened scenes by the production company, we firstly applied a combination of filters to tackle the dirty edges. Then, we designed a vertical-specific de-ringing solution based on the source's characteristics, removing most of the ringing. This was followed by descaling and reconstruction with slight de-ringing to further clean up the remaining artifacts. For the rest scenes upscaled using different sharp algorithm, we employed descaling and reconstruction, anti-aliasing, and de-ringing. Finally, we designed a detection method to differentiate between the two types of source images based on real-time analysis results, and automatically chose the appropriate processing method. Afterwards, we applied standard adaptive de-banding, compensatory sharpening, and adaptive denoising.
